Task : Simple Grouping system in react-three-fiberYour task is to make a system to store a list where each element of the list is a group of selected 3d objects. These group of objects should then be accessible through a unique image/name in the ui to the user. A user should be able to select multiple objects in the 3d scene and save it in the list. On clicking an item in the list the group should be loaded in the 3d scene.
 For starting object, you just use cubes placed in a scene randomly with random rotation, translation and scaling. The user should then be able to select one or multiple cubes and save them in the list with a indicating ui element (image/number). Saving can be done with a seperate button. On clicking the desired element( image/number) in the list the group should be loaded and placed in the 3d scene like it was saved. User should also be able to delete desired elements from the scene and the list both .
See this example for the selection process of 3d elements to make the group https://threejs.org/examples/?q=selection#misc_boxselectionTo summarize the basic requirement of the test are :A basic 3d scene like in the link above with a few objects.A button on top of the 3d scene which saves selected 3d objects to a list.Another button on top of the 3d scene which opens the list to perform the required actionsHave a button/way  to load selected element of the list back into the 3d sceneHave a button/way to delete the items in the list .Step 2 : Introduce transform controls on the objects (cubes in our ccase) and make then rotate , scale and translate from the UX. The user should then be able to save those transformations.See https://threejs.org/examples/#misc_controls_transform